[stomping]
[whooshing]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau, ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
IMPOSTER GAUKO
[Naoko] I, Naoko Watanabe,
will not get angry today,
no matter what happens.
-I swear not to turn into Gauko.
-[Keisuke] You always say that,
-then turn into Gauko in a heartbeat.
-Huh?
You never learn, do you?
You be quiet, Keisuke Saito!
[roars]
See, you're angry.
[Naoko] Huh?
[Keisuke giggles]
[groans]
-[Kana and Erika] Good morning!
-Huh?
Oh, good morning.
Thanks for yesterday.
-Huh?
-You saved us.
What do you mean?
Remember? Yesterday?
Isn't this yummy?
Sure is!
-[buzzes]
-[both] Huh?!
-[bee] Boo!
-A hornet!
[screaming]
[roars]
[yelps]
We were so glad
you got rid of that hornet for us.
I did?
[Erika] Gauko did.
Yesterday?
[Erika] You don't remember?
Not at all.
I get it.
When you're Gauko, you completely
lose your cool along with your memory.
What?
[school bell ringing]
[Mr. R3] Oh, Naoko.
Yes?
Thank you for yesterday.
Yesterday?
Yes, after school.
[loud chewing]
[screaming]
[yelps]
-Huh?
-[roars]
I almost got into an accident.
Thank you for saving me.
Eh? I did?
[Naoko] This is strange.
Is it like Kana said?
I forget what happens when I'm Gauko?
-[sizzling]
-Oh, Naoko. Thank you for yesterday.
-Huh?
-You really helped me out.
-Did I do something?
-You saved me yesterday, remember?
Yo, what are you going to do
about this, eh?
What are you talking about?
We're saying there's not enough octopus
in your takoyaki, lady!
The customer isn't always right, you know!
What did you say?
Boss, this one's got an attitude.
Go ahead, crush her pathetic cart!
-[Gauko growls]
-[gang] Huh?
[gang gasp]
-[roars]
-[gang screaming]
You got rid of the Trio Gang for me,
remember?
Huh?
[hiccups]
-[roars]
-[screams]
-[roaring]
-[sighs]
Hey, Gauko! Don't startle me like that!
[gasps] My hiccups are gone.
So you don't remember anything?
Nope.
Well, it's okay.
It's not okay!
I mean, what's scarier
than forgetting what you've done?
-Naoko, thanks.
-Huh?
Thanks for your help.
What? What did I do this time?
Oh, this is scaring me!
Uh, all I said was "thank you."
-Stop it!
-[gasps]
-Everyone keeps saying "thank you" to me.
-[moaning]
I'm going to lose my mind!
-[Kana] Don't let it bother you.
-Huh?
Everyone is thanking you, right?
Yes, but it's for stuff
I don't even remember doing.
But that means you do good things
without even noticing, right?
-Huh?
-[Kana] That's wonderful.
It is?
Yes, my hiccups are gone because of Gauko.
So thanks for that.
When exactly did I do that?
Just a moment ago at the park.
-I was right here the whole time!
-What?
-[birds chirping]
-What do you want to play?
[Lisa] Let's play
another prank on Kinpika.
-[roars]
-Babu!
-[Halley screams]
-[roars]
That no-good Gauko really riles me up!
-[Kinpika] It was right around here.
-Huh?
-[Lisa] Hey, Gauko!
Don't scare us with your roars!
You startled us.
Gauko was here?
Don't pretend like it wasn't you!
You were Gauko till just now.
When was "just now"?
Just 30 seconds ago.
What's going on?
It's just as I thought.
Thought what?
There's an imposter Gauko.
Arf?
Huh?
[growling]
[barks]
[Gauko roars]
-[Gauko grunts]
-[yelps]
[yelps] Stop it, Naoko!
The poor doggie!
[Gauko roars]
N-Naoko, it's me...
-[roars]
-[Lenard screams]
[shrieking]
[laughs]
Being Gauko is the best.
They get mad, they howl...
It's so embarrassing
how those fools express their emotions.
But when you're a dinosaur,
you can do whatever you want.
I roar like crazy, and they flee in fear.
Dinosaurs equal freedom!
Ah, what a wonderful feeling!
[Naoko] Imposter Gauko!
I'm going to get you.
But you know...
The imposter isn't really doing
anything bad.
The real Gauko is way more vicious.
[groans]
Huh?
[growling]
[sighs]
Naoko!
What's wrong?
Gauko is wreaking havoc!
-She is?
-Yeah!
Huh?
[screaming]
-[old man, panting]
-Huh?
There's a dinosaur!
It tried to eat my dog.
How dare you, Imposter Gauko!
You won't get away with this.
[growling]
[all] Oh...
Wreaking havoc
is the ultimate stress relief.
I'll do some more rampaging
as Gauko again tomorrow.
[laughing]
Watch where you're kicking the ball!
[boy] Sorry!
Here!
[boy] Thank you!
[Yamada] Huh? What's this?
[Yamada Gauko] Wow! A Gauko costume!
All right! I'm Gauko!
[roars]
-[Gauko growling]
-Huh?
[roaring]
Imposter Gauko!
You won't get away with this!
I'm the real Gauko!
[roars]
-[roars]
-Hot, hot!
[gasps, yelps]
[Yamada Gauko]
The real Gauko is so cool!
[roars]
I'm flying!
[growling]
-Huh? [scoffs]
-[roars]
How foolish.
Mm?
-[screaming]
-[gasps]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪